Hi.
Doing this cars I'm going to share everything rewrite with you via a web site called GitHub dot com.
So this is basically where we share our codes where we share our projects where we collaborate with
each other.
I'm going to share these codes changes projects with you.
So if you want you can download this on your own computer and run it.
But I actually do not recommend that I actually recommend you to create these projects with me and write
this code with me one by one minute by minute.
But if you want you can just download the zip from here and you can go to your downloads and you can
just double click on the projects like this.
OK.
Let me find that if you double click on the project it will pop open.
If you say open and you can reach the codes from here but again I don't recommend that.
I just want you to use those codes as a reference.
What do I mean.
You can come over here and you can see the code from the github actually.
You can click on this my first app and you can see the view controller files.
So if you get stuck at some point you can compare your codes with mine and you can see if you're making
a mistake or not.
And again you can reach those files any time you want.
I'm going to include project links for every section that we have.
Don't worry about it.
But I would come on.
You do what I do on your own computer because that's best way to learn.
So let's stop here and continue within the next section where we're going to learn about the swift basics.